So far all we've done is with
some front end stuff, and
now we're working on database stuff, and
then eventually we'll get to the API.
So, haven't touched that part yet,
I'll let you know.
And then as far as some of the errors
people were having with the C-script,
just make sure you have your C TS
file inside the Prisma folder.
And that you successfully created this
Prisma command in your package JSON,
which should be in your notes file, and
that you run the MPX Prisma dBc command.
And you should be good
to go as far as seeding.
And yeah, so
what I'll do is I'll continue on and
I'll continue to push this up to GitHub.
So if you ever fall back and you just feel
you can't catch up, no worries, you can
pull down the steps from GitHub that I'm
putting up every single time and catch up.
If there's any questions,
as always just ask.
Before I start anyone here have any
questions on either side that we've
been doing?
Okay, all right, and the last thing I want
to do now that we have this user is I
want to give this user some playlists and
I want those playlists to have songs.
So let's do that, so the first thing
is I need to get all the songs.
So I'll do that by saying const, let me,
I hate writing at the bottom of a file.
So, let me bring this up,
here we go, const songs.
That's gonna equals prisma.song.findmany.
And I just want all the songs,
so I'm gonna get all the songs.
So, my filter is just
gonna be an empty object.
So give me all the songs in the database.
And basically it's gonna add all the songs
in a database, which I think is seven or
eight at this point.
I don't know how many
songs I put in there,
actually took me a long time to go
find those songs and download them.
I wish I would add it more [LAUGH] it
actually took me a long time just to get
those eight royalty free songs
that didn't sound really bad.
Okay, so we got songs and
now I want to await promise.all, and
the reason I'm doing promise.all because,
I don't know if anyone caught this but
you can actually do
prisma.some.entity.create many.
So I could just create many and create
all the playlists at once versus doing
promise.all and
creating them one at a time.
But if you do that,
you don't get it from my experience and
I just couldn't get past this.
You can't do a nested create whereas
you're creating more than one
thing at a time, so in the case of
an artist we created an artist and
each artist created songs.
We couldn't do that if we did a create
many, so we couldn't create many artists,
that also created many songs.
That didn't work for me,
every time I tried to do that will break.
So I had to create each
artist individually, so
they can also create
songs at the same time.
So if you wanna do nested rights I
don't think you can do create many.
So that's why I'm doing promise.all or
I'm creating one at a time and
then they all do a nested create.
So, promise.all, and
what we wanna do on this is I
don't know we can create
any places we want,
let's create ten playlists, right?
So we'll say we'll create a new array,
we'll put 10 in here,
we'll say .fill again,
doesn't matter where you put in fill one,
we're gonna map over that.
I don't care about the first
argument because that's literally
always gonna be the number one,
only care about the index,
I guess I need some parentheses in here,
there we go.
This is gonna be an async
function in the map callback.
And then what I'm gonna do is for
each one of these, I'm gonna return
a prisma.playlists.create, like that.
So I create a playlist, and for create,
we don't have to put the where clause,
we just put the data.
And the reason I'm doing create
an up cert this time is because
you can only do up cert if you
can query for something unique.
But if you go back and
look at the playlist schema
only thing unique about it is the id,
that's it.
And I don't have the ids because
they haven't been created yet.
So I actually can't search for anything.
So because of that,
I might as well just create, so
that's why I'm not doing up cert.
Whereas with the artists I was able
to use the names for the where, and
then for the user, I was able to use the
email for the where, but for the playlist,
there is nothing unique about it
except for the id which I don't have.
So therefore I cannot do a query to
up cert it, it won't find anything.
So what's the point of doing up cert, it's
always gonna create the model just create.
So, that's what I'm doing,
I'm gonna change this back to create here.
So for each playlist I wanna create,
when you do a create in Prisma,
you always put the data, so
this is what you're passing and the for
this, this is where the autocomplete
comes in, it's pretty cool.
You can see that,
we'll first of all, it's fixed that.
And then if I go here, it's got all
these types that were generated for me,
which is really cool.
But if you start typing then you'll see,
so we know a playlist has a name.
So you can see it says name string,
so I'm gonna say that's gonna be,
the name is gonna be,
let's call it playlist number and
then i+1, so it's not starting with 0.
So that'd be the playlist's name.
And then what else does a playlist have,
a playlist has songs and
it has a user and a user id.
So, what we'll do is we'll say user id.
And that's gonna be this user,
that id, like that.
So, we got that, but it actually,
I think if you do it this way,
I'm not sure if Prisma will make
the connection between the user or
it'll just store the id.
So what I've been doing, this is what I've
always done is I use this other thing
well, I'll say, so
I'm saying user id, I'll say user.
And then I'll come down here and
I'll say connect that I
wanna connect the user
whose id is user.id.
So I've been doing that to
make sure that Prisma connects
the user with this id to
the user on this playlist.
The inverse might also work, but
I've always done it this way.
That's what their Doc's recommend,
so I've always done it this way.
But if someone wants to run user id equals
user.id and see that works, let me know.
But I've always done it this way,
I've always done the connect,
there also this other one is called
connect or create, which is really cool.
So, you can make a user,
you can connect the user with this id but
if it didn't exist, also make a user and
put the user stuff here too.
It gets really crazy with Prisma,
I'm like, wow, this is really,
you know how had this is
to do without Prismas?
It's incredibly difficult to do this,
so yeah, really cool.
So we got the user there,
and then we got the songs.
We're also gonna do the same
thing with the songs.
Because we all ready created the songs,
so we actually do have to do connect,
not connect or create.
We'll say connect, and we want to connect
all these songs, so I'll say songs.map.
And for each song,
I'm gonna just put their ids, so
I'll just say, id is song.id.
So this is saying, create ten playlists
whose names are playlist whatever
number that have a user whose id is
this one, connect those two together.
And then it has an array of songs whose
values are an array of the song ids,
connect those.
So now they're all connected, they have
a relationship in the database now
which is really cool, I'm trying to think
what the SQL query for this will be?
It would be insane, it would probably take
someone a day to write the SQL query for
this, I think that would pretty
much all we need to do this.
So, I'm gonna save it and
I'm going to run this C-script again, and
we'll stop the studio, run the C-script
to see if we broke anything.
Everything looks good,
I'm gonna run the studio one more time.
I'm gonna go into our playlist,
looks like we have ten playlists.
That's really cool, so that seem to work.
And then you can see that
they're connected to this user.
And yeah, seems to work, let's connects
to the user, then I should be able to
go the other way around and go to a user
and see if they have any playlists.
Yeah, it looks they have ten playlists,
so that also works, pretty cool.